Update local values definition (#30280)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/values/locals.mdx

> tutorial on HashiCorp Learn.

A local value assigns a name to an [expression](/language/expressions),

> so you can use the name multiple times within a module without repeating
> the expression.

Reviewer: Thank you - this is a good edit! I actually think we could even go a step further here - what do you think of this? 

```suggestion
so you can use the name multiple times within a module instead of repeating
the expression.
```
